Exclude switch orders from order needs payment checks (#669)
Automattic/woocommerce-subscriptions-core: changelog.txt

*** WooCommerce Subscriptions Core Changelog ***

= 7.4.3 - 2024-xx-xx =

> Fix - Exclude switch orders from the order_needs_payment logic to prevent errors during customer switch requests that result in $0 checkout scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix - Prevent errors during checkout when a customer is switching their subscription product and does not require payment.
```

Feel free to disregard this suggestion but I think "Exclude switch orders from the order_needs_payment logic" would be too technical for the average merchant.

Author: Yep good point. Thanks for the suggestion.

* Dev - Introduce new parameter to WC_Subscription::get_last_order() to enable filtering out orders with specific statuses.
* Update - Schedule subscription-related events with a priority of 1 to allow for earlier execution within the Action Scheduler.
* Fix - Ensure admin notices are displayed after performing bulk actions on subscriptions when HPOS is enabled.

> * Fix - Resolved an error when purchasing subscription products on the block checkout with a limited recurring coupon.

Author: This changelog was erroneously placed in the 7.3.0 entries after 7.3 had been tagged. This change was actually included in 7.4.0 based on https://github.com/Automattic/woocommerce-subscriptions-core/pull/642 being merged on Aug 12th 2024 and [7.4.0 being tagged](https://github.com/Automattic/woocommerce-subscriptions-core/releases/tag/7.4.0) on Aug 17th.
